README.md, before:

# Project Kitchen

A collaborative kitchen game.

- [Project Kitchen](#project-kitchen)
  - [Design](#design)
  - [Browse Code](#browse-code)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
    - [Branch Naming](#branch-naming)

## Design

- [Functional Specification](documentation/functional/functional.md)
- [Technical Specification](documentation/technical/technical.md)

## Browse Code

[![Preview in Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/preview%20in-vscode.dev-blue)](https://open.vscode.dev/snowmeltarcade/projectkitchen)

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. All changes must be committed to a development brach and a pull request made to merge into `main`. Documentation should be updated as part of the pull request. All code should be tested as far as it possible (it is difficult to unit test all code in a game).

It is recommended that all new features are first prototyped in their own test branch. Here you can focus on getting the feature and algorithms etc... correct. When you are confident that feature is ready, please develop the feature with in a development branch with focus on code correctness, testing and documentation.

### Branch Naming

The main development branch is called `main`.

Development branches should have the prefix `dev-`, with a meaningful description of what the branch is to accomplish.

Prototype/test branches should have the prefix `test-`, with a meaningful description of what the branch is testing or prototyping.

Commit message:

Add details on coding standards.

README.md, after:

# Project Kitchen

A collaborative kitchen game.

- [Project Kitchen](#project-kitchen)
  - [Design](#design)
  - [Browse Code](#browse-code)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
    - [Standards](#standards)
    - [Feature Development](#feature-development)
    - [Branch Naming](#branch-naming)

## Design

- [Functional Specification](documentation/functional/functional.md)
- [Technical Specification](documentation/technical/technical.md)

## Browse Code

[![Preview in Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/preview%20in-vscode.dev-blue)](https://open.vscode.dev/snowmeltarcade/projectkitchen)

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. All changes must be committed to a development brach and a pull request made to merge into `main`. Documentation should be updated as part of the pull request. All code should be tested as far as it possible (it is difficult to unit test all code in a game).

### Standards

**Code is for people**. It is expected that all code be self documenting and fully tested (to the extent possible). Features and concepts etc... should be fully documented by updating the functional or technical documentation respectively.

### Feature Development

It is recommended that all new features are first prototyped in their own test branch. Here you can focus on getting the feature and algorithms etc... correct. When you are confident that feature is ready, please develop the feature with in a development branch with focus on code correctness, testing and documentation.

### Branch Naming

The main development branch is called `main`.

Development branches should have the prefix `dev-`, with a meaningful description of what the branch is to accomplish.

Prototype/test branches should have the prefix `test-`, with a meaningful description of what the branch is testing or prototyping.
