documentation/functional/abstract.md, before:

# Abstract

A collaborative game where multiple players work as a team to [prepare dishes](game_play_examples.md) of food based on set [recipes](recipes.md).

All players are presented with a set of recipes to create together and a time limit within which to create these. Within this time limit, the players, working together, should create as many of these recipes as they can. The more recipes they successfully create, the more points they get. If the minimum specified number of recipes are not created, the game is lost.

Each player is responsible for one or more actions that are needed to [prepare](food_preparation.md) the [ingredients](ingredients.md). Each player also has access to one or more ingredients. One player has access to plates. Another player has access to the serving area. The players need to take these ingredients and pass them to the other players for preparation. Once the ingredients are prepared, they need to be added to a plate, which then needs to be served at the serving area.

In the game world, players are seated at a round table in a [kitchen](kitchens.md). To pass ingredients or items to other players, they can pass these to their left or their right. One challenge is for players to communicate with each other and direct the passing of these ingredients and items so they get what they need. The more players that take part, the more fun this challenge becomes.

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit a1990099d6438dce298a8a4d230879bba9e36909
Author: Snow Melt Arcade <snowmeltarcade@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jul 22 21:16:54 2022 -0400

    Describe basic workstations (#30)

    Start describing workstations.

commit dbefd84d32b02e2b02a43f78c5c34f248a0ce7e4
Author: Snow Melt Arcade <snowmeltarcade@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Jul 22 21:10:46 2022 -0400

    Design screen map (#32)

    Add a map of the game screens.

documentation/functional/abstract.md, after:

# Abstract

A collaborative game where multiple players work as a team to [prepare dishes](game_play_examples.md) of food based on set [recipes](recipes.md).

All players are presented with a set of recipes to create together and a time limit within which to create these. Within this time limit, the players, working together, should create as many of these recipes as they can. The more recipes they successfully create, the more points they get. If the minimum specified number of recipes are not created, the game is lost.

Each player is responsible for one or more actions that are needed to [prepare](food_preparation.md) the [ingredients](ingredients.md). These ingredients come from a pantry. One player has access to plates. Another player has access to the serving area. Ingredients are passed from player to player for preparation. Once the ingredients are prepared, they are added to a plate, which is then served at the serving area.

In the game world, players are situated in a virtual [kitchen](kitchens.md). This kitchen has multiple workstations. Each workstation can perform a particular function, for instance, preparing ingredients, serving plates etc... Players can work at one workstation at a time, but are able to see previews of all other workstations. They can choose to move to any workstation at any time. Players can move ingredients from one workstation to another. One challenge is for players to communicate with each other and direct the passing of these ingredients. The more players that take part, the more fun this challenge becomes.
