documentation/functional/game_play.md, before:

# Game Play

Having fun is the main game play objective. Game rules and logic should be simple and easy to learn and remember. Cooperative play is encouraged over competitive play.

- [Game Play](#game-play)
  - [Goals](#goals)
  - [Style](#style)
  - [Target Audience](#target-audience)
  - [Game Flow](#game-flow)
  - [Cooking Levels](#cooking-levels)

## Goals

Working as a group; gather ingredients and process and plate them according to set recipes within a set time limit.

## Style

Game sessions are easy to setup and simple to play. Game sessions should not be overly long in length or require much cognitive load. Fun is based on cooperation and group play. Challenge is based on inter-group communication, specific recipes to create and time limits.

## Target Audience

* A group with a minimum of 2 players and a maximum of 16 players
* Groups of people between 5 and 40 years of age
* Low technical skill required
* No real life cooking experience required
* Basic computer game experience beneficial
* Willing to communicate and cooperate with others

## Game Flow

The basic game flow is as follows:

```mermaid
flowchart TB;
    start_game([Start Game])-->select_game_mode{Start Server/<br/>Connect to Server};
    select_game_mode--Server-->start_server[Start Server];
    select_game_mode--Client-->connect_to_server[Connect to Server];
    start_server-->configure_players[Configure and Connect Networked Players];
    configure_players-->configure_level[Configure Level];
    configure_level-->load_level[Load Level];
    connect_to_server-->load_level;
    load_level-->play_level[Play Level];
    play_level-->select_game_mode;
```

## Cooking Levels

A typical game level has the following flow:

```mermaid
flowchart TD;
    start_level([Start level])-->game_play_tips[Game play tips are displayed during level load];
    game_play_tips-->level_goals[Players informed of what recipes are expected and the minimum number of points to pass the level];
    level_goals-->assignments[Players assigned to a random workstation];
    assignments-->countdown[Countdown timer in seconds - 3, 2, 1];
    countdown-->level_timer_begins[Level timer begins];
    level_timer_begins-->orders_placed[Orders continually placed by restaurant customers];
    orders_placed-->communication[Players communicate what ingredients they need];
    communication-->pantry_ingredients[Player at pantry workstation to get ingredients and pass to other players];
    pantry_ingredients-->passing_ingredients[Players pass ingredients to their left or right until the ingredients end up at the correct workstation];
    passing_ingredients-->prepare_ingredients["Player at workstation prepares the ingredients at the workstation.<br/>(If no player is at the workstation, a player needs to move to that workstation.)"];
    prepare_ingredients-->passing_prepared_ingredients[Players pass the prepared ingredients to their left or right until the ingredients end up at the plating workstation];
    passing_prepared_ingredients-->plating_up[Player at plating up workstation puts prepared ingredients on a plate];
    plating_up-->pass_plate_to_serving_area[When the plate has all the needed ingredients for an order,<br/>the player passes the plate to their left or right until the plate ends up at the serving area workstation];
    pass_plate_to_serving_area-->serving_plate[Player places plate onto serving area];
    serving_plate-->points_assigned[Points assigned to players based on how long the customers had to wait for the order];
    points_assigned-->game_time_expired{Game Time Expired?};
    game_time_expired--No-->orders_placed;
    game_time_expired--Yes-->game_play_stopped[Game play stopped];
    game_play_stopped-->results_screen[Results screen displayed];
    results_screen-->exit_level([Exit level]);
```

Commit message:

Add reference to points and stars.

documentation/functional/game_play.md, after:

# Game Play

Having fun is the main game play objective. Game rules and logic should be simple and easy to learn and remember. Cooperative play is encouraged over competitive play.

- [Game Play](#game-play)
  - [Goals](#goals)
  - [Style](#style)
  - [Target Audience](#target-audience)
  - [Game Flow](#game-flow)
  - [Cooking Levels](#cooking-levels)
  - [Achievements](#achievements)
    - [Points](#points)
    - [Stars](#stars)

## Goals

Working as a group; gather ingredients and process and plate them according to set recipes within a set time limit.

## Style

Game sessions are easy to setup and simple to play. Game sessions should not be overly long in length or require much cognitive load. Fun is based on cooperation and group play. Challenge is based on inter-group communication, specific recipes to create and time limits.

## Target Audience

* A group with a minimum of 2 players and a maximum of 16 players
* Groups of people between 5 and 40 years of age
* Low technical skill required
* No real life cooking experience required
* Basic computer game experience beneficial
* Willing to communicate and cooperate with others

## Game Flow

The basic game flow is as follows:

```mermaid
flowchart TB;
    start_game([Start Game])-->select_game_mode{Start Server/<br/>Connect to Server};
    select_game_mode--Server-->start_server[Start Server];
    select_game_mode--Client-->connect_to_server[Connect to Server];
    start_server-->configure_players[Configure and Connect Networked Players];
    configure_players-->configure_level[Configure Level];
    configure_level-->load_level[Load Level];
    connect_to_server-->load_level;
    load_level-->play_level[Play Level];
    play_level-->select_game_mode;
```

## Cooking Levels

A typical game level has the following flow:

```mermaid
flowchart TB;
    start_level([Start level])-->game_play_tips[Game play tips are displayed during level load];
    game_play_tips-->level_goals[Players informed of what recipes are expected and the minimum number of points to pass the level];
    level_goals-->assignments[Players assigned to a random workstation];
    assignments-->countdown[Countdown timer in seconds - 3, 2, 1];
    countdown-->level_timer_begins[Level timer begins];
    level_timer_begins-->orders_placed[Orders continually placed by restaurant customers];
    orders_placed-->communication[Players communicate what ingredients they need];
    communication-->pantry_ingredients[Player at pantry workstation to get ingredients and pass to other players];
    pantry_ingredients-->passing_ingredients[Players pass ingredients to their left or right until the ingredients end up at the correct workstation];
    passing_ingredients-->prepare_ingredients["Player at workstation prepares the ingredients at the workstation.<br/>(If no player is at the workstation, a player needs to move to that workstation.)"];
    prepare_ingredients-->passing_prepared_ingredients[Players pass the prepared ingredients to their left or right until the ingredients end up at the plating workstation];
    passing_prepared_ingredients-->plating_up[Player at plating up workstation puts prepared ingredients on a plate];
    plating_up-->pass_plate_to_serving_area[When the plate has all the needed ingredients for an order,<br/>the player passes the plate to their left or right until the plate ends up at the serving area workstation];
    pass_plate_to_serving_area-->serving_plate[Player places plate onto serving area];
    serving_plate-->points_assigned[Points assigned to players based on how long the customers had to wait for the order];
    points_assigned-->game_time_expired{Game Time Expired?};
    game_time_expired--No-->orders_placed;
    game_time_expired--Yes-->game_play_stopped[Game play stopped];
    game_play_stopped-->results_screen[Results screen displayed];
    results_screen-->exit_level([Exit level]);
```

## Achievements

### Points

Points are awarded based on the time it takes to complete an order. The quicker an order is served, the more points awarded.

All players involved in a level receive the same number of points. 

### Stars

Each level has a minimum number of points required to count as a passed level. If the minimum number of points is not reached, the level is failed. Each level also has 3 stars that can be achieved. Each star also requires a set number of points. If the number of received points is greater than that required by a star, that star is awarded to all players involved in a level.
